news item: farewell franklin (#239)
bids-standard/bids-website: _posts/2022-07-28-farewell-franklin.md

---
title: Farewell to Franklin
author: Stefan Appelhoff
display: true
---

# Farewell to Franklin

Franklin leaves the BIDS maintainers team to move on to new adventures.

Date: Thursday, July 28, 2022

<!--more-->

> In the past three years, Franklin has dedicated lots of his energy towards making BIDS a thriving project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the past four and a half years, Franklin has dedicated lots of his energy towards making BIDS a thriving project.
```
